src/content/veritech.md, before:

---
job:
  summary: As a website manager, I effectively handled a diverse portfolio of 30+ clients, ensuring the smooth hosting, maintenance, security, and functionality enhancements of their Joomla and CMS-based websites, while maintaining strong client relationships and proactive security monitoring.
  image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SochavaAG/example-mycode/master/pens/timeline/images/img-13.png
  dates:
    start: 01/06/2010
    end: 01/08/2014
  responsibilities:
    - Managed hosting, maintenance, and updates for over 30 Joomla and CMS-based websites.
    - Provided IT consulting services, advising clients on software development, IT infrastructure, and system optimization.
    - Performed sysadmin tasks, including server management, configuration, and troubleshooting.
    - Handled network engineering duties such as network design, implementation, and maintenance.
    - Conducted regular maintenance checks, security upgrades, and content updates for client websites.
    - Enhanced website functionality and redesigned websites based on client needs.
    - Maintained strong relationships with clients, ensuring their needs were met and exceeded.
    - Conducted proactive security monitoring to prevent vulnerabilities and ensure data protection.
    - Collaborated with clients to implement custom IT solutions tailored to their business requirements.
  role: 'Website Manager & IT Consultant'
  skills:
    - Joomla
    - Content Management Systems (CMS)
    - Web Hosting Management
    - Website Maintenance
    - Security Upgrades
    - Client Relationship Management
    - Custom Web Solutions
    - Sysadmin Tasks (Server Management, Configuration, Troubleshooting)
    - Network Engineering (Design, Implementation, Maintenance)
    - IT Consulting
    - Proactive Security Monitoring
    - Website Redesign
    - Functionality Enhancement
company:
  name: Veritech
  website: https://www.veritechcorp.com.au/
  description: Veritech is an IT consultancy and service company in Griffith, NSW.

tags:
  - 'Website Management'
  - 'IT Consulting'
  - 'Sysadmin'
  - 'Network Engineering'
  - 'Joomla'
  - 'CMS'
  - 'Web Hosting'
  - 'Security Upgrades'
  - 'Client Management'
  - 'Website Maintenance'
  - 'Custom Solutions'
  - 'Proactive Security Monitoring'
  - 'Content Updates'
  - 'Website Redesign'
  - 'Functionality Enhancement'
---

In my role, I successfully managed a diverse portfolio of over 30 website clients. I was responsible for hosting and maintaining their websites, ensuring regular maintenance checks, performing necessary security upgrades, updating content, and enhancing website functionality as required.

The websites I developed for our clients were primarily based on Joomla and CMS platforms. With a keen focus on providing exceptional service, I maintained strong relationships with over 60 clients, the majority of whom entrusted us with their hosting needs. My responsibilities included proactive security monitoring and ensuring all components remained up to date.

Commit message:

update description, address and location

src/content/veritech.md, after:

---
job:
  summary: As a website manager, I effectively handled a diverse portfolio of 30+ clients, ensuring the smooth hosting, maintenance, security, and functionality enhancements of their Joomla and CMS-based websites, while maintaining strong client relationships and proactive security monitoring.
  image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SochavaAG/example-mycode/master/pens/timeline/images/img-13.png
  dates:
    start: 01/06/2010
    end: 01/08/2014
  responsibilities:
    - Managed hosting, maintenance, and updates for over 30 Joomla and CMS-based websites.
    - Provided IT consulting services, advising clients on software development, IT infrastructure, and system optimization.
    - Performed sysadmin tasks, including server management, configuration, and troubleshooting.
    - Handled network engineering duties such as network design, implementation, and maintenance.
    - Conducted regular maintenance checks, security upgrades, and content updates for client websites.
    - Enhanced website functionality and redesigned websites based on client needs.
    - Maintained strong relationships with clients, ensuring their needs were met and exceeded.
    - Conducted proactive security monitoring to prevent vulnerabilities and ensure data protection.
    - Collaborated with clients to implement custom IT solutions tailored to their business requirements.
  role: 'Website Manager & IT Consultant'
  skills:
    - Joomla
    - Content Management Systems (CMS)
    - Web Hosting Management
    - Website Maintenance
    - Security Upgrades
    - Client Relationship Management
    - Custom Web Solutions
    - Sysadmin Tasks (Server Management, Configuration, Troubleshooting)
    - Network Engineering (Design, Implementation, Maintenance)
    - IT Consulting
    - Proactive Security Monitoring
    - Website Redesign
    - Functionality Enhancement
company:
  name: Veritech
  website: https://www.veritechcorp.com.au/
  description: Veritech is an IT consultancy and service company based in Griffith, NSW, specializing in website management, IT infrastructure, custom software solutions, and comprehensive IT consulting services.
  address:
    city: 'Griffith'
    country: 'Australia'
    postcode: '2680'
    state: 'NSW'
  location:
    lat: 0
    long: 0
tags:
  - 'Website Management'
  - 'IT Consulting'
  - 'Sysadmin'
  - 'Network Engineering'
  - 'Joomla'
  - 'CMS'
  - 'Web Hosting'
  - 'Security Upgrades'
  - 'Client Management'
  - 'Website Maintenance'
  - 'Custom Solutions'
  - 'Proactive Security Monitoring'
  - 'Content Updates'
  - 'Website Redesign'
  - 'Functionality Enhancement'
---

In my role, I successfully managed a diverse portfolio of over 30 website clients. I was responsible for hosting and maintaining their websites, ensuring regular maintenance checks, performing necessary security upgrades, updating content, and enhancing website functionality as required.

The websites I developed for our clients were primarily based on Joomla and CMS platforms. With a keen focus on providing exceptional service, I maintained strong relationships with over 60 clients, the majority of whom entrusted us with their hosting needs. My responsibilities included proactive security monitoring and ensuring all components remained up to date.
